---
title: UK Banking & Financial Application
---

# 1. Introduction

This Test Plan describes the QA approach for the UK Banking & Financial
Solution Application. The testing scope covers key areas such as
**functional, regression, security, performance, accessibility, and
compliance**. All testing activities will ensure the application meets
UK regulatory standards including FCA, PSD2, and GDPR.

# 2. Test Objectives

- Ensure system performance under load conditions.

- Validate data integrity across transactions.

- Verify user interface responsiveness.

- Test compatibility with various devices and browsers.

- Assess security vulnerabilities and risks.

- Validate compliance with UK banking regulations (FCA, PSD2, GDPR).

- Ensure functional and non-functional quality.

- Deliver defect-free, stable application to end-users.

# 3. Test Approach

Risk-based testing approach, Agile methodology, automation for
regression and smoke testing, and continuous reporting via dashboards.

![](/media/image2.png){width="6.0in" height="3.875in"}

# 4. Test Levels

The **testing lifecycle** progresses through multiple levels to ensure
complete application quality. It begins with **Unit Testing**, where
individual components are validated in isolation. Next, **SIT (System
Integration Testing)** checks interactions between modules, followed by
**System Testing** to verify the application. **Regression Testing**
ensures that new changes don't break existing functionality. **UAT (User
Acceptance Testing)** validates the solution against business
requirements. **Non-functional testing** includes **Performance** to
measure speed and scalability, **Security** to safeguard data,
**Accessibility** to ensure usability for all users, and **Compliance
Testing** to confirm adherence to industry and regulatory standards.

![](/media/image3.png){width="6.0in" height="0.2812554680664917in"}

# 5. Entry & Exit Criteria

#### **Entry Criteria**

Testing activities will commence only when the following prerequisites
are met:

1.  **Business Requirement Document (BRD) / Functional Specifications
    Approved**

    a.  All requirements are baselined, reviewed, and formally signed
        off by the Business and Product Owner.

    b.  Any open clarifications are tracked via the requirement
        management tool and resolved before test design begins.

2.  **Environment Readiness**

    a.  The designated test environments (SIT, UAT, Performance) are
        provisioned and validated for stability.

    b.  Required configurations, integrations with dependent systems
        (e.g., payment gateways, CRM, third-party APIs), and access
        permissions are in place.

    c.  Build deployment has been verified as successful and is aligned
        with the release package.

3.  **Test Data Prepared & Validated**

    a.  Sufficient and representative test data sets are created,
        covering both positive and negative scenarios, and are refreshed
        or masked to comply with data privacy guidelines.

    b.  Test data has been validated for completeness, ensuring that
        boundary values, regulatory conditions, and financial/accounting
        scenarios (specific to the Banking & Financial domain) are
        covered.

4.  **Test Plan & Test Cases Reviewed and Approved**

    a.  Test plan is finalized and signed off by stakeholders.

    b.  Test cases are peer-reviewed, mapped to requirements (RTM in
        place), and uploaded into the Test Management Tool.

5.  **Defect Management Process in Place**

    a.  Defect triage schedule and severity/priority definitions are
        agreed upon by QA, Dev, and Business stakeholders.

    b.  Access to the defect tracking tool is confirmed for all
        stakeholders.

#### **Exit Criteria**

Testing will be considered complete only when the following conditions
are fulfilled:

1.  **Defect Resolution**

    a.  All High and Critical severity defects are closed and
        successfully retested.

    b.  No open Medium/Low severity defects that can block business
        processes or regulatory compliance.

    c.  Defect leakage analysis is completed for defects identified in
        later stages.

2.  **Regression Testing Passed**

    a.  Full regression suite executed successfully across impacted
        areas.

    b.  No regression failures in critical business workflows (e.g.,
        payments, customer onboarding, account closure, compliance
        reporting).

3.  **Coverage Achieved**

    a.  All planned test cases executed, and requirement coverage (via
        RTM) is 100%.

    b.  Automation suite execution results are reviewed (if applicable).

4.  **Test Closure Activities Completed**

    a.  Test Summary Report prepared, highlighting execution statistics,
        defect trends, and quality metrics.

    b.  Test closure meeting conducted with stakeholders, and formal
        sign-off obtained from Business and Product Owner.

    c.  All QA deliverables (test cases, logs, defect reports, metrics)
        stored in the project repository for audit and compliance.

5.  **No Major Risks Outstanding**

    a.  Any known risks or open issues are documented, communicated, and
        accepted by stakeholders before sign-off.

# 6. Environment

Environments: Dev, SIT, UAT, Pre-Prod, Prod.\
Data management with GDPR compliance.

# 7. Roles & Responsibilities

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Role**       **Responsible   **Accountable   **Consulted   **Informed
                 (R)**           (A)**           (C)**         (I)**
  -------------- --------------- --------------- ------------- -------------
  QA Manager                     X               X             X

  Test Leads     X                               X             X

  Testers        X                                             X

  Automation     X                                             X
  Engineers                                                    

  Security       X                                             X
  Testers                                                      

  Business                                       X             X
  Analysts                                                     
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------

# 8. Deliverables

The deliverables for this project will include a comprehensive set of
documents and materials that meet the specified requirements and
objectives. These materials include the **Project Plan, Requirements
Specification, Design Document, Test Plan, and User Manual**. Each
deliverable will be **reviewed** and **approved** to ensure quality and
alignment with project goals. Detailed timelines and responsibilities
will be outlined to facilitate efficient completion and delivery.

# 9. Schedule

The project schedule is divided into several key phases, each critical
to the successful completion of the project. Below is a chart
illustrating these
phases:![](/media/image4.png){width="6.245496500437445in"
height="3.19626968503937in"}End of document.
